https://examples.yourdictionary.com/examples-of-body-language.html

---------------in-person body language (good)----------------

1.Rubbing Hands Together Briskly
This is a way of communicating that an individual is excited for something or is waiting in anticipation. By using this gesture, people understand your exciting feeling perfectly.

2.Palms Open and Facing Upward
An open palm is a sign of openness and honesty. For example, in older days when many people carried weapons, this was used to show that they were not holding one. It can also be a sign of sincerity and innocence. 

3. Standing Straight With Shoulders Back
This position shows that a person is feeling confident of himself or herself. It is often accompanied with walking at a brisk stride. Your stance should feel relaxed, yet tall and not rigid.

4. Stroking Your Chin or Beard
When one strokes the chin, he or she is communicating deep thought. Such a motion is often used unintentionally when an individual is trying to come to a decision about a matter. It indicates thoughtfulness and interest.

5. Leaning In
When you want to get closer to someone because you trust them or are interested in them, you tend to lean your whole body in their direction. By acting this, they can feel you are interested in them.



https://secondnatureuk.co.uk/blog/body-language-tips-for-virtual-presenters/
---------------in-person body language (good)----------------

1. set up your screen perfectly
-your camera must be at eye level and the top of your head should be just below the top of your camera frame as you look at yourself on screen.
If you do not set up your screen, people will think that you are not ready for online meeting.

2. Using good hand gestures
Gestures are a great way to convey energy, tell a story, emphasise a message and bring your content to life. A study by Holler and Beatie found that gestures increase the value of our spoken message by a massive 60%, and the most acclaimed  ‘Ted Talkers’ use twice as many hand gestures than those with a lower appreciation score. 

3. Head-nodding
While people speak, listeners provide cues of understanding through what linguists call “backchanneling. Backchanneling is even more important in the virtual zone.

The most prominent example of backchanneling is head-nodding.
Nod your head to let them know that you are listening.
Also the head-nodding can show different your ideas such as
fast head-nodding conveys a strong willingness to speak, and slow head-nodding conveys understanding or acknowledgment.

4. don't forget to smile
The face is one of your body and is one of the most visible part. Espcially, the online meeting.
There’s plenty of scientific evidence proving the many positive effects smiling has on our emotions. Smiling releases endorphins, natural painkillers, and serotonin.
Smiling relieves stress, lowers our blood pressure and boosts the immune system.



-----------------
After I studied the good body language, I figured out one thing.
과도한 제스처나 상황에 맞지 않는 제스처를 사용하면 사용하지 못한것보다 좋지 않은 결과가 나올 수 있다는 것을 명심해야한다.
It's important to keep in mind that excessive or inappropriate gestures in any situations can have worse consequences than not using them.